Add info regarding issues with IPv6 (#80)
GeyserMC/GeyserWiki: _docs/geyser/common-issues.md

**PLEASE NOTE:** If your server automatically redownloads jars upon startup, such as with an autoupdate system, this workaround will not work. Please contact your host if this does not work for you as there is nothing we can do.

# Extreme lags on mobile data

> Check your Access Point Name (APN) - if you're using IPv6 and server don't support or isn't configured to handle IPv6 addresses you need to change APN to IPv4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check your Access Point Name (APN) - if you're using IPv6 and the server doesn't support or isn't configured to handle IPv6 connections/addresses you need to change APN to IPv4.
```
